Postwiki
========

This will be the wiki software that I have always wanted.  I think once its
ready, you might even feel the same way.

Under Construction
------------------

This is a work in progress and has not yet been released.  When this project is
operational, this README will be updated to reflect that.  For now, you are
looking at something between software and vaporware, or as I like to call it
"aspirationware".

Features that I care about in a wiki
------------------------------------

* Markup language should be minimalistic, natural and obvious.  I am choosing
  Markdown as the basis for the wikitext with a couple simple enhancements to
  make it even easier to link to other posts in the same wiki.

* Semantic links turn what would otherwise be purely opaque text content into
  machine-usable information.  Linking in Postwiki will support qualifiers or
  "tags" which turn ordinary links into the equivalent of RDF triples aka
  `subject->property->object`.

* Sparql or other query language support for embedding dynamic content within
  posts, so you could produce a list or table of all posts by properties or
  having certain relationships through semantic links.

* It should be very easy to programatically interact with the wiki through an
  API thus extending the value of its content and relational structures.  I
  foresee several applications that I would build when the core features are in
  place:

  * Project Management.  Use posts to define user stories and tasks.  Link them
    together and define relationships such as predecessors or dependencies.  Use
    semantic links to define properties such as status or complexity estimates.
    In the end, achieve a highly flexible and interlinked repository of
    knowledge and intent behind software projects.

  * Intentional Software Specification.  I've heard that the company
    "Intentional Software" uses something they call the "Intentional Tree" to
    essentially contain the actual information for the software they build and
    that most of the code in their projects is generated by "projections"
    starting from this tree.  Try that with a Postwiki.

  * My personal website, blog and otherwise, should be very easily
    constructable on a Postwiki.


